[Music]
they didn't tell you I'm moving to the
mainland all the magazines are looking
for photographers out west pop she know
[Music]
some more the pictures that I took
turned out like this
what am I doing wrong he asked my old
professor he'd say it's a combination of
a slow shutter in a shaky hand if he
asked my Jewish mother she'd say you've
been taking photos of things he
shouldn't be
you ever hear of a thing called au day
anyway you decide I can omit she
returned home for dead and she persists
the odd spirit are you
[Music]
there's something evil
I can feel is there a buck a moment ago
but conspiratorial
known to somebody tells me what kind of
evil spirit or little magic tricks have
taken over this place
nobody's leaving it easy
- what vengeance actual as death
you